[0, 2, 7, 14]

Prompt:
Question: This question refers to the following information.
Our leaders talk about stopping aggression from the north, but this was a struggle among groups of Vietnamese until we intervened. We seem bent upon saving the Vietnamese from Ho Chi Minh even if we have to kill them and demolish their country to do it. As the native people survey bombed-out villages, women and children burned by napalm, rice crops destroyed and cities overrun with our military personnel, they are doubtless saying secretly of the Vietcong guerillas and of the American forces, "A plague on both your houses." … Stop the bombing, north and south, end search and destroy offensive sweeps, and confine our military action to holding operations on the ground. Bombing the north has failed to halt or seriously check the flow of troops to the south and may, in fact, have prompted a much greater war effort by Hanoi.
—Senator George McGovern, "The Lessons of Vietnam," April 25, 1967
The sentiments expressed in the speech most directly reflect which popular attitude that became widespread in the 1960s?
A. The United States should embrace isolationism.
B. The United States should use force to spread American ideals abroad.
C. American commanders were not being given enough weapons in Vietnam.
D. Government statements about Vietnam could not be trusted.
Answer: D

Question: This question refers to the following information.
"One-half of the people of this nation to-day are utterly powerless to blot from the statute books an unjust law, or to write there a new and a just one. The women, dissatisfied as they are with this form of government, that enforces taxation without representation,—that compels them to obey laws to which they have never given their consent,—that imprisons and hangs them without a trial by a jury of their peers, that robs them, in marriage, of the custody of their own persons, wages and children,—are this half of the people left wholly at the mercy of the other half, in direct violation of the spirit and letter of the declarations of the framers of this government, every one of which was based on the immutable principle of equal rights to all."
—Susan B. Anthony, "I Stand Before You Under Indictment" (speech), 1873
The actions taken by Andrew Carnegie that were critiqued in the cartoon reflected the thinking of which of the following concepts?
A. The Social Gospel.
B. Survival of the Fittest.
C. The Gospel of Wealth.
D. Rugged individualism.
Answer: C

Question: This question refers to the following information.
"The economic ills we suffer have come upon us over several decades. They will not go away in days, weeks, or months, but they will go away. They will go away because we as Americans have the capacity now, as we've had in the past, to do whatever needs to be done to preserve this last and greatest bastion of freedom. In this present crisis, government is not the solution to our problem; government is the problem. . . .
"It is my intention to curb the size and influence of the Federal establishment and to demand recognition of the distinction between the powers granted to the Federal Government and those reserved to the States or to the people. All of us need to be reminded that the Federal Government did not create the States; the States created the Federal Government."
—Ronald Reagan, First Inaugural Address, January 21, 1981
One way in which President Reagan acted on his rhetoric in the passage was to
A. increase the military budget.
B. work with Congress to cut taxes and government spending.
C. eliminate the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
D. prohibit pay increases for government workers.
Answer: B

Question: This question refers to the following information.
"When we were kids the United States was the wealthiest and strongest country in the world; the only one with the atom bomb, the least scarred by modern war, an initiator of the United Nations that we thought would distribute Western influence throughout the world. Freedom and equality for each individual, government of, by, and for the people—these American values we found good, principles by which we could live as men. Many of us began maturing in complacency.
"As we grew, however, our comfort was penetrated by events too troubling to dismiss. First, the permeating and victimizing fact of human degradation, symbolized by the Southern struggle against racial bigotry, compelled most of us from silence to activism. Second, the enclosing fact of the Cold War, symbolized by the presence of the Bomb, brought awareness that we ourselves, and our friends, and millions of abstract 'others' we knew more directly because of our common peril, might die at any time. . . ."
—Port Huron Statement, 1962
The language of this document can be seen as a repudiation of which of the following policies or actions from the Eisenhower years?
A. The "New Look" foreign policy.
B. Increases in funding for the United Nations.
C. Intervention in the Little Rock, Arkansas crisis.
D. Renewed focus on education.
Answer: A


